Hello Good afternoon I'm from Ukraine, the city of
Khmelnitsky And you,
yes
Where are you from Narva, this is Estonia
specifically Yes,
she say something in Estonian
Let's try to guess together Let's
think
negatively Probably Seriously, how did you
guess the first time, I know maybe a
genius I'm amazed at your
intellectual abilities You
really, let's say, now it was very difficult to find a
person in Ukraine who would
support in Ukraine it was very
difficult It seems to me good And who do you
want to win  Ukraine or Russia,
let's do it again, this is the second round
Let's try to guess together
not Do you think I want Ukraine to win
or that Russia won
where the cards that Ukraine won
are you watching the second time you have Bingo for the
third hour there will be an intellectual question
probably support the war if  You
answered I want peace, then it would be clear if they would
not support that  oh world you can
say peace is without war
if for example
you come the
war will end you will be tortured to
shoot it it will be a world of
war there will be no more
you want this
they won’t come to me No well look here
you are at war for example you are Estonia Yes
for example you see with Russia and  as a
result
of your capture of Russia, peace is established,
then you are tortured.
no war no The
Soviet Union captured Estonia until the
40s I don’t know I wasn’t then by the way you are
Russian-speaking
relatives from Estonia from Russia
that Where Narva comes from is
good grandparents where
also Narva seems to be
Mishchenko
native Estonian surname Mishchenko
most likely Ukrainian
distant relatives possibly some
Well, yes, that’s exactly what it turns out, you are
yours in Estonia  ancestors before they didn’t come from
Estonia you don’t moan so then we all
came from Africa Well I don’t know where the monkeys came from
in Africa we went
deep into the period of
your ancestors there wasn’t really I don’t know
what year your grandmother was born
I don’t know how old what year
your grandmother was born  live
one of Yes, you don’t know how old she
is.
how old is he
Yes,
well, let's say Well, 70 years old
will be what your channel is called
Which channel is
not
what is it forbidden for me to say or what is the
forbidden word
that you say to you immediately a bath
for this of
course there are
in Europe who are
tolerant,
now not tolerant Well, that's why
a representative of the Russian-speaking part of
Estonia
and you by chance yes I came across from
Ukraine Yes you didn’t choose Ukraine no It’s
cool just some  then such Yes, there are
topics. You see, during the war, you were looking for peace
from where branches
so no, it’s just strange. What strangely
contradicts itself once again
was the Second World War, you know, yes,
I remember such, for example, Hitler attacked
Poland before the Soviet Union,
it will be remember yes yes, that is, it
turns out  that the Poles
Poland was captured by the Soviet Union and
Germany, so everything in the hostilities there
, the army was destroyed, it’s already come, as
it were, peace turns out yes in those territories,
yes, this world suited the captured
more Yes, they don’t
Do you think we need peace in Ukraine
or do we need  Victory the
world can be the result of Victory And it
can be the result of defeat
freedom and peace
once again freedom and peace the free world
Freedom is the result of Victory or
defeat
as a result of not seeing hostilities
No look again if I go to beat your
face and you  don't hit me back
dodge punches boxing reaction
just dodge punch
run clock dodge punch
read a book faster home to run away, of course,
I understood. If you ever fought at all
in your life with a classmate such that you
didn’t evade so, the fight evaded,
that is
, you fought with a classmate, runs away home
yes
no to the office,
but he wanted to hit me like a
fight  I ran away,
I understood because it’s stronger
Yes, you ran into the office Okay, well,
then you came Odnoklassniki what
and what he will do there teachers the head teacher
stood to study well He
can lie in wait for you after school, he can’t run fast home
Well, if Russia goes to attack
Estonia, you will also run
Who else tells me My friend, I'm
helpless where it's
too hard
Come on, bon appetit, chew there
Thank you
Yes, these methods are often found
Yes You see what he
began to manipulate for the audience you want
that Ukraine won or Russia Ukraine
You see And if you said  that I want
peace then it would be so Of course we are for the war
because the war has already come to our
territory  history We are for victory in this war, those
who say that peace is needed, this is all a very
big manipulation, peace comes as a
result of the defeat of one of the parties to
this side of the conflict, someone will lose
and peace may come as a result of the
defeat of the one who attacked or the defeat
of who was attacked, so
we  once again We need peace, we need
Victory in order for the occupier to leave
our territory, so he was driven away,
but these conversations, if you don’t want
peace, victory, then you are for the war further
Of course, we defend ourselves, it’s natural that
our nation defends because we are on
We need more than just peace for our land We
need peace as a result of our Victory,
so everyone who starts to manipulate like this
Yes, they should be sent
to where
it all holds on Glory to Ukraine
We as a result
directly write your dunka and think